_pages/climate.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: Climate Services
permalink: /climate/
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/research_banner.jpg
  caption: "Photo Credit: Unsplash"
excerpt: " <br />"
classes: wide
sidebar:
  title: "Climate Services"
  nav: climate-sidebar
---
 
The Montana Climate Office has worked with various groups across the state to produce and distiribute climate information about the state of Montana. The MCO produces updated and downscaled projections of climate change in MT as well as analysis of historical trends. As models of climate change improve over time, we update these analyses to provide the most current data. These projects include the:

- The 2017 [Montana Climate Assessment](http://montanaclimate.org/chapter/title-page)
- The 2021 [Report on Climate Change and Human Health](http://montanaclimate.org/c2h2_1introduction)
- An [update to the 2017 Montana Climate Assessment](https://mt-climate-office.github.io/MCA/) using the latest available data.
- The [Climate Data Explorer](https://fcfc-mesonet-staging.cfc.umt.edu/climate/) for exploring projected changes in climate.

Commit message:

Different logic for arc guide. Add climate explorer image.

_pages/climate.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: Climate Services
permalink: /climate/
header:
  overlay_image: /assets/images/research_banner.jpg
  caption: "Photo Credit: Unsplash"
excerpt: " <br />"
classes: wide
sidebar:
  title: "Climate Services"
  nav: climate-sidebar
---
 
The Montana Climate Office has worked with various groups across the state to produce and distiribute climate information about the state of Montana. The MCO produces updated and downscaled projections of climate change in MT as well as analysis of historical trends. As models of climate change improve over time, we update these analyses to provide the most current data. These projects include the:

- The 2017 [Montana Climate Assessment](http://montanaclimate.org/chapter/title-page)
- The 2021 [Report on Climate Change and Human Health](http://montanaclimate.org/c2h2_1introduction)
- An [update to the 2017 Montana Climate Assessment](https://mt-climate-office.github.io/MCA/) using the latest available data.
- The [Climate Data Explorer](https://fcfc-mesonet-staging.cfc.umt.edu/climate/) for exploring projected changes in climate. An example of the Climate Data Explorer is given below:

{% include image.html url="assets/images/explorer_example.png" description="Climate Explorer example of annual precipitation in Missoula County." %}
