index.md, before:

---
layout: splash
title: " <br /><br />"
header:
#   overlay_color: "#000"
#   overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/banner_image.jpg
  caption: "Moiese Valley (Photo by Michael Sweet)"
intro: 
  - excerpt: "**<font size='12'> Our Mission</font>** <br /> The Montana Climate Office provides high-quality, timely, relevant, and scientifically based climate information and services to Montanans. As Montana's official climate data stewards, we strive to provide information for specific sectors of interest by either geography or industry, and assist stakeholders in adapting climate products to their needs."
feature_row:
  - image_path: assets/images/drought_tile.png
    alt: "Drought Dashboard Example Image"
    title: "Drought Dashboard"
    excerpt: "Discover current climate trends in precipitation, temperature, soil conditions and more over the region."
  - image_path: /assets/images/mesonet_tile.png
    alt: "Mesonet Dashboard Example Image"
    title: "Mesonet Dashboard"
    excerpt: "Explore current weather and soil moisture conditions from MCO climate stations across Montana."
    href: "https://mesonet.climate.umt.edu/dash/"
  - image_path: /assets/images/MDC_logo_tile.svg
    alt: "MT Drought Climate Image"
    title: "MTDrought Newsletter"
    excerpt: "What does the future hold for your part of the state? Access climate information for farmers and ranchers across Montana."
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row %}

Commit message:

Add map iframe to homepage.

index.md, after:

---
layout: splash
title: " <br /><br />"
header:
#   overlay_color: "#000"
#   overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/banner_image.jpg
  caption: "Moiese Valley (Photo by Michael Sweet)"
intro: 
  - excerpt: "**<font size='12' style='text-align: center;'> Our Mission</font>** <br /> The Montana Climate Office aims to provide high-quality, timely, relevant, and scientifically based climate information and services to Montanans. As Montana's official climate data stewards, we strive to provide information for specific sectors of interest by either geography or industry, and assist stakeholders in adapting climate products to their needs."
feature_row2:
  - iframe_path: assets/maps/mesonet_map.html
    alt: "test"
    title: "test"
    excerpt: "Discover current climate trends in precipitation, temperature, soil conditions and more over the region."
  # - image_path: assets/images/drought_tile.png
  #   alt: "Drought Dashboard Example Image"
  #   title: "Drought Dashboard"
  #   excerpt: "Discover current climate trends in precipitation, temperature, soil conditions and more over the region."
  # - image_path: /assets/images/mesonet_tile.png
  #   alt: "Mesonet Dashboard Example Image"
  #   title: "Mesonet Dashboard"
  #   excerpt: "Explore current weather and soil moisture conditions from MCO climate stations across Montana."
  #   href: "https://mesonet.climate.umt.edu/dash/"
  # - image_path: /assets/images/MDC_logo_tile.svg
  #   alt: "MT Drought Climate Image"
  #   title: "MTDrought Newsletter"
  #   excerpt: "What does the future hold for your part of the state? Access climate information for farmers and ranchers across Montana."
---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

<!-- <div style="float: left; width: 20px; height: 100px"></div> -->
<div class="iframe_bbox"><iframe class="iframe_size" src="assets/maps/mesonet_map.html" frameborder="0px" float="left"></iframe></div>

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Explore the Mesonet</h1>
The Montana Mesonet is a network of 97 weather stations spread across Montana. The stations measure a variety of meteorological vairable including air temperature, relative humidity, soil moisture, and precipitation. **Click** on a station on the adjacent map to access station data and view station metadata. To learn more about the mesonet, visit the [Montana Mesonet](/mco-website/mesonet/) tab.

<!-- This makes a nice horizontal rule between sections. -->
<div class="feature__wrapper"></div>

<!-- {% include feature_row id="feature_row2" type="left" %} -->
