README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/mt-climate-office/mco-website/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [Basic writing and formatting syntax](https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/mt-climate-office/mco-website/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Update README and a variety of pages.

README.md, after:

## The Montana Climate Office Website

This repository contains the code used to create the Montana Climate Office [website](https://mt-climate-office.github.io/mco-website). The website is hosted using [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/) using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and the [Minimal Mistakes](https://github.com/mmistakes/minimal-mistakes) theme. The website can be stood up locally for testing purposes either using Ruby or Docker. For either method, you will first need to clone the package:

```{bash}
git clone https://github.com/mt-climate-office/mco-website.git

cd /path/to/mco-website
```

## Using Ruby
Install Ruby and Bundler:
```
sudo apt update
sudo apt install ruby-full
```

Bundle the Gemfile:
```
bundle
```

Serve the site locally:
```
bundle exec jekyll serve
```

This will serve the website locally at [https://127.0.0.1:4000/mco-website/](https://127.0.0.1:4000/mco-website/) and automatically update when files are changed. 

## Using Docker Compose

```
docker compose up --build -d
```
This will serve the website locally at [https://0.0.0.0:4000/mco-website/](https://0.0.0.0:4000/mco-website/) and automatically update when files are changed.
